Have guys my name is Jason Batchelor And I will be your instructor along course for creating grounds
for games and animation a little bit about myself.
I mean freelance illustrator and design I've done the animation studio before as a background artist
and I've also been a graphic designer Alisson.
I'm going to take a little walk through what we're doing with the design since we're walking through
thumbnail sketches brainstorming and after that we're going to create our final sketch and once we do
that we add value to our background.
After that we can jump right in and start building the pieces of our background you'll see it come together
for you.
Lastly I'd like to add the two goddesses of teaching you how to do this to make money from anywhere
in the world as well as crowding out your second bonus is going to include 15 assets that I've created
for Photoshop that you can use in your backgrounds or whatever you want whenever you want.
Doesn't matter if you're doing a commercial profitable piece you can use the assets in one.
So I hope you're excited.
Let's go ahead and get started